Stop! Stop
I thought you had done something wrong.
The turtle just shrunk its head and dared not come out
What happened to Xiao Can?
I didn't hurt anyone.
On the contrary, Liu Ru's mother and son framed me in order to steal it all
And it almost got me killed
Chen Huachan, in order to invite empty
You dare to say anything big
At the age of 5, I obviously donated it to my father
Nonsense
The little fox never lies
He saved dad for you
You don't know how to be grateful
You still try to steal the credit
It's hopeless
So sad
Xiao Can, I know you blame
Your dad has ignored you all these years
Make you suffer a lot
That's why you want to get revenge on him
But he is also afraid that you will know that you are a rich second generation
Just splurge
I want to train you to become a talent early
How can you be ungrateful?
And almost got him killed
Your hypocrisy makes me sick.
I never blamed my father for kicking me out of the Jiang family
Even less likely to harm him
And don't listen to their mother and son side
The Son of God is here to make good people
Judge me on the moral high ground